readme.md, before:

# mini-microservice-app
https://www.udemy.com/course/microservices-with-node-js-and-react


This projects showcases mini microservices. It aims to demonstrate the positive, and negatives of using event based communication services.

It consists of a client, posts service, comments service, and a query service. We demonstrate, that if both the posts and comments services were to crash, users would still be able to use a large portion of the app; namely getting the list of posts and comments from the query service; the only missing functionality would be to create the comments and posts. 

Last, but certainly not least, by using this query service, the client is quite faster, due to having to make a single query for all the posts and their comments. Leading to a better user experience. 

On the other hand, downside include data duplication, and maybe the greatest downside, a harder to understand design infrastructure for developers.

![showcase-terminal](./showcase-terminal.png)

### Development
> Depedencies: NodeJS, tmux

```
make
```

Commit message:

Setup moderator service.
This service  checks for content of a newly created comment. If said comment
includes any inappropriate word; then that comment is marked as rejected; else
as approved.

This new service highlights micorservices where the data might need some time
to be processed. But where we still respond immediately to users with
some response. In this case, their comment is marked as
`pending-review`.

readme.md, after:

# mini-microservice-app
https://www.udemy.com/course/microservices-with-node-js-and-react


This projects showcases microservices from high perspective. It aims to demonstrate the positive, and negatives of using event based communication services.

It consists of a client, posts service, comments service, query service, and a moderator service. We demonstrate, that if posts, comments, and moderator services were to crash, users would still be able to use a large portion of the app; namely getting the list of posts and comments from the query service; the only missing functionality would be to create the comments and posts. 

Last, but certainly not least, by using this query service, the client is quite faster, due to having to make a single query for all the posts and their comments. Leading to a better user experience. 

On the other hand, downside include data duplication; although with cheap storage has become, that's a minor downside. But maybe the greatest downside, is a harder to understand design infrastructure for developers.

![showcase-terminal](./showcase-terminal.png)

### Development
> Depedencies: NodeJS, tmux

```
make
```
